h1. 1.3.0

* Remove Daybreak
* Store session and cache in database by default so sessions can persist on Heroku.
* Add MEMORY_CACHE environment variable to keep session and cache in memory for better performance.
* Update gems and JS libraries
* Fix Travis tests

h1. 1.2.0

* Add indexes on the items table to improve item display performance.
* Switch Session and cache backend to Daybreak to improve overall performance.
* Add Rufus-scheduler to automatically sync feeds every 30 minutes without needing additional configuration.
* Add Heroku deploy button.
* Update gems and JS libraries

h1. 1.1.2

* Update to Marionette 2.1
* Update gems and JS libraries

h1. 1.1.1

* Update to Pnotify 2.0 and add support for HTML5 desktop notifications.

h1. 1.1.0

* Add a GReader API clone so CapoRSS can be used with some mobile applications. Tested with News+ for Android.
* Add favorites support.
* Add favorites import/export feature. Can now import JSON favorites (GReader-compatible) and export them in JSON and HTML.

h1. 1.0.0

* Multiple bugfixes.
* Improve SSE support.
* Improve PSHB support.
* Improve documentation.
* Improve spinner: use a gif instead of a CSS animation to improve performance.

h1. 0.11.0

* This version adds support for Pubsubhubbub feeds. A migration will check existing feeds for PSHB hub definitions, but you will have to manually activate PSHB for each of them using the feed edition dialog. Please note that some feeds might define a hub without actually pushing updates to it. That is the case for Youtube upload feeds.

h1. 0.9.0

* This version adds GUID and item update support. A migration was added to add GUIDs to existing items by using their title, url and publication date. Please note that some duplicate items may be created on the next feed synchronisation if :
** The title, url or publication date of an item was modified since the item was first added to the local database.
** There was a problem fetching the feed during the migration.

h1. 0.5.0

* This version brings a lots of modifications to the database structure to add multi-user support. Automatic migrations are included to move all single-user configurations to the 'admin/admin' user, but starting from a clean database is recommended.

