h1. Keyboard shortcuts

* */* : Do an item search
* *A* : Show the feed subscription dialog.
* *R* : Sync feeds
* *H* : Hide/Unhide read items
* *J* : Move down one item in the item list
* *K* : Move up one item in the item list
* *SHIFT+J* : Select the next feed/folder in the sidebar
* *SHIFT+K* : Select the previous feed/folder in the sidebar
* *SPACE* : Go down one page in the item list, changing the selected item if needed
* *SHIFT+SPACE* : Go up one page in the item list, changing the selected item if needed

h1. Settings

* *Import/Export OPML files* : OPML files contain informations on feed subscription. You can import opml files from outside sources and export a list of your feeds as an OPML file for use in another RSS reader.
* *Cleanup* : Deletes old items in the local database. You can specify the age limit for items in days. All items older than this limit will be deleted when clicking the "Cleanup" button.
* *Sync after* : Fetches new items from the servers for all feeds at the specified interval.
* *Refresh after* : Check for new items in the local database at the specified interval. Use with an automatic sync worker that fetches new items at a specific interval.
* *Refresh using SSE* : If your server and browser both support SSE (Server-Sent Events) and this setting is activated, client-side informations will be automatically updated at every feed synchronisation.
* *Update all favicons* : Favicons are only fetched from other servers when a subscription is added. You can use this button to fetch a new version of every favicons.
* *Admin page* : This page lets you add or modify users accounts. Note that this feature can only be accessed by the admin account.

h1. Main menu

* *Sync* : Fetches new items from the servers. Applied to all feeds.
* *Show/Hide read items* : This feature lets you specify if items that were already read will be shown in the item list.
* *Subscribe* : Lets you add a new feed subscription. If no folder name is specified, the feed will be automatically added to the "Feeds" folder.
* *Settings* : Show the settings dialog.

h1. Folder menu

* *Mark all read/unread* : Lets you mark all items as read/unread for the specified folder.
* *Sync* : Fetches new items from the servers. Applied to all of the current folder's feeds.
* *Edit* : Lets you change a folder's name.
* *Delete* : Lets you delete a folder. Note that this actions cannot be reverted.

h1. Feed menu

* *Mark all read/unread* : Lets you mark all items as read/unread for the specified feed.
* *Sync* : Fetches new items from the servers. Applied to the selected feed only.
* *Edit* : Lets you change a feed's url or folder.
** *Reset feed* : If this option is checked while editing a feed, all of the feed items will be deleted and the feed will be resynced. All read/unread informations will be lost.
* *Delete* : Lets you delete a feed. Note that this actions cannot be reverted.
* *Use Pubsubhubbub* : This option will appear if a feed supports the PSHB protocol. If it is activated, the feed will not be synced by call to the /fetch_all route, but will receive new updates from the defined PSHB hub as soon as they are published. Please note that some feeds might define a hub without actually pushing updates to it, so you might have to deactivate this option if you notice the feed isn't actually updated when PSHB is activated.

h1. Item list

* *Mark older items as read* : This options will mark all items older than te selected one as "read".
* *Circle icon (Mark as read/unread)* : Clicking the circle icon on an item line will mark/unmark the item as "read".

h1. Drag and drop support

You can easily reorder feeds and folders by moving them using your mouse. You can also move feeds between folders using this method.

h1. Sync feeds periodically

The "fetch_all" route can be called by the "sync" user and will fetch all new items for all feeds on the server.
A worker script that calls the "/fetch_all" route is included in the "scripts" folder.  You can add this script in a Worker, or call it via CRON.

You must set two variables in this script :
* *password* : The "sync" user's password
* *url* : The base url of your CapoRSS instance.

If your server isn't using HTTPS, you will also need to delete the "http.use_ssl" and "http.verify_mode" lines, but please note that doing so will be insecure, because the "sync" user's password will be sent in clear.
